Hello. You will now learn
about two ways that will allow
you to construct a sentence.
The first approach is known as
greedy decoding and
the second approach
is known as random sampling.
You'll also see the pros and
the cons of each method.
For example, when
choosing the word with
the highest probability
at every time step,
that does not necessarily
generate the best sequence.
With that said, let's dive
in and explore
these two methods.
By now you have reached
the final parts of
this week's lectures.
That's awesome.
I'll show you a few methods
for sampling and decoding,
as well as a discussion of
an important type of parameter
in sampling called temperature.
First, a quick reminder on
how a seq2seq model
predicts words.
The output of the
decoder is produced from
a dense layer and a softmax
or log softmax operation.
The output at each step then is
the probability
distribution over
all the words and symbols
in the target vocabulary.
The final output of the
model depends on how
you choose the words using
these probability
distributions at each step.
Greedy decoding is the
simplest way to decode
the model's predictions
as it selects
the most probable
word at every step.
However, this approach
has limitations.
When you consider the
highest probability
for each prediction
and concatenate all predicted
tokens for the output sequence.
As the greedy decoder does,
you can end up with
a situation where
the output instead of,
"I am hungry," gives you "I am,
am, am" and so forth.
You can see how this
could be a problem,
but not in all cases.
For shorter sequences,
it's going to be fine.
But if you have many
other words to consider,
then knowing what's
coming up next
might help you better
predict the next sequence.
Another option is known
as random sampling.
What random sampling
does is it provides
probabilities for each word and
sample accordingly
for the next outputs.
One of the problems with this is
that it could be a
little bit too random.
A solution for this is to
assign more weight to the words
with higher probabilities and
less weight to the others.
You will see a method for doing
this in just a few moment.
In sampling, temperature
is a parameter you can
adjust to allow for
more or less randomness
in your predictions.
It's measured on a scale of 0-1,
indicating low to
high randomness.
Let's say you need your
model to make careful,
safe decisions about
what to output.
Then set you're parameter lower
and get the prediction
equivalent of a very
confident but rather a boring
person seated next to
you at a dinner table.
If you feel like taking
more of a gamble,
set your temperature
a bit higher.
This has the effect of making
your network more excited.
You may get some pretty
fun predictions.
On the other hand, there will be
probably a lot more mistakes.
You have seen in this video,
methods for sampling
and decoding that will
allow you to construct
sentences using your model.
However, these methods don't
always produce the most
convincing outputs.
Instead, you'll often get a
very random set of words.
In the next videos,
you'll see two methods
for sampling and
decoding that tend to
produce better results.